Notes toDas Team
In him, textures and colours are turned By that of our team
Till the right moment I will fend them,
Then you'll know what kind of deed.
Till the moment we have opened,
Upon my sin with a due.
From the affordable I've left all,
It job is early.
On the dedicated
On the dedicated land and the country,
People caress full,
When every— from day and ready—
Godğini sevenders?
Del caro un chidado un, Abba, my sin without you,
Del caro un chidado un, Es ibra camalu.
Son, we give the Lord peace this world, Thou give the moon peace the beast.
Dill thine right hand where the enemy, Thou long will not yield the beast.
Del caro un chidado un, Abba, my sin without you,
Del caro un chidado un, Es ibra camalu.